POST INVASION –
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 7 BARRACKS
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 5 BARRACKS
POST INVASION –
FORMERLY SQUAD 4 BARRACKS
Burner Finger Two!
POST INVASION –
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 9 BARRACKS
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 11 BARRACKS
Is that all you got?
That's enough,
Bazz-B.
I will finish him off.
You stealing the kill from me,
Cang Du?
His Majesty will punish you
for this.
It was His Majesty's decision
to kill the captains
with their own Bankai.
Matsumoto...!
She's your precious lieutenant,
isn't she?
Then you two should die
side by side.
Stern Ritter "I."
Cang Du, "The Iron."
Those who live together
should die together.
That's my style.
STERN RITTER "I" – CANG DU
Bankai.
Daiguren Hyorinmaru.
It must be your first time
seeing it from the other side.
It's a beautiful Bankai.
This, too,
is something you lived with.
This Bankai that I stole from you
will continue to live
even after your death.
For that, I am truly sorry.
Hello?
Oh, I got through!
– You...!
– Hi there.
It's me, Urahara.
I've completed the method
to reclaim Bankai.
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything...
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
What was that?
Did I hear you just say,
"Reclaim Bankai"?
Yes.
To be more precise,
I discovered a weakness
in the means that Quincies use
to steal Bankai.
We can use that to prevent them
from stealing our Bankai.
Furthermore, we can use it to
reclaim everyone's stolen Bankai.
That's what I meant.
Wow!
Kisuke Urahara is amazing.
Watch it, you idiot...!
I see, I see.
That is indeed
a wonderful discovery.
Well, it was
a piece of cake for me!
However,
that is a whole other matter.
Huh?
To place a communication device
on my clothes
without permission is
a serious crime.
What?
Hold on...
You're not about to cut off
communication, are you?!
– Farewell.
– Are you serious?!
Wait!
Don't hang up!
Just kidding!
Ah!
He's here in the flesh!
Oh, did I scare you?
Sorry about that.
I was calling from inside
the Precipice World.
Anyway,
I want to ask for your cooperation,
Captain Kurotsuchi.
Humph. There's nothing
I can help you with.
As you can see,
the Quincies have crippled
the Department of Research
and Development.
Oh, come on,
what are you talking about?
We have that place.
Kudos to you, Captain Kurotsuchi,
for identifying the properties
of the Quincies' shadows.
So, can I count on your help?
Captain.
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI’S PRIVATE LAB
REINFORCED WITH FLOODLIGHTS
Confirm positions of
all captains and lieutenants!
Yes, sir!
Release all remaining
Kaizochu Insects!
Have them modify
any Quincy mechanical devices
so we can take advantage of them.
Let's get them connected to
the system in this room.
CONNECTION FAILED
It's no good!
We can't connect to it!
It hasn't been done before,
so they're not going to
connect right away!
Keep trying until they do!
Yes, sir!
These are Shineiyaku.
So that's what you were
referring to, huh?
Yes.
With these,
we can completely prevent
our Bankai from getting stolen.
I decided to remain in Hueco Mundo
after hearing the report that
the captains' Bankai
were getting stolen.
That's because I saw
with my own eyes
the clue to preventing Bankai from
being stolen while I was there.
The turning point was the battle
with Quilge Opie
after he had consumed a Hollow.
His appearance crumbled at
the moment he absorbed the Hollow.
I realized that he wasn't able
to completely control its power.
As I'm sure you know,
Captain Kurotsuchi...
With an Arrancars' Resurrección,
the power of their soul is shaped
into a sword
and released to obtain
greater powers.
You could say that this skill is
nearly identical to a Bankai.
If the Bankai of the captains
can be stolen,
then the same should apply to
the Resurrección of the Arrancars.
However, not a single Arrancar
had their Resurrección stolen.
And it's not because
the Quincies weren't interested
in the Arrancars.
It's a fact that they captured
many Arrancars
and turned them into soldiers.
Yet, they did not steal
their Resurrección.
There can only be two reasons.
Either Resurrección can't be stolen
or stealing them would be
disadvantageous to them.
Based on your Hollow research,
you cannot find a reason why Bankai
can be stolen but not Resurrección.
In that case, it is logical
to think it is disadvantageous.
CONNECTION ESTABLISHED
We've located
the Spiritual Pressures
of the captains both inside
and outside the Seireitei!
Tenteikura is ready.
Communication can commence!
Got it.
Greetings, captains and lieutenants
of the Thirteen Court Guard Squad.
Hello!
This is Kisuke Urahara.
Perhaps we may have never met
or you may not know me well,
– but allow me to properly
– We all know who you are, dumbass.
– introduce myself another time.
I've sent a black pill
to all of you
along with this message.
This Shineiyaku only reacts
to those who possess Bankai.
Go ahead and touch it with
your hands, feet, or sword.
The pill will be absorbed
from the touchpoint
and will permeate the inner part
of your soul.
There was something
about the Quincies
that had always bothered me.
I was thinking that perhaps
their hostility against the Hollows
is not based on resentment,
as legends say.
Hostility stems from
a difference in ideology.
It is impossible to continue hating
those who do not have
a will or ideology.
There's only one reason
that they could hold
such lasting hostility.
It's a fundamental fear of
that which endangers your life.
Precisely.
Quincies are a breed that has
no antibody against Hollows.
The very existence of Hollows
is poisonous to Quincies.
Encroachment by the Hollows
not only weakens
their spiritual powers,
but ultimately leads to
the decay of their souls
and eventually their death.
Unlike Soul Reapers, they don't
even have a path to Hollowfication.
That is why Quincies
must exterminate Hollows.
In other words,
if we were to absorb
just a small amount
of Hollow power,
and Hollowfy our Bankai for
a short moment,
our Bankai will also...
become poison for the Quincies.
What just happened?
What is going on?
What did you just do?
Beats me.
Perhaps Hyorinmaru is saying
he wants to come home.
You still have the will to resist
even after your Captain
has gone down?
I wanted to collect more data
before she died.
Captain... take this.
This should enable you
to use your Bankai.
I couldn't quite understand
the explanation, though...
The sensitivity of
my sonic collector
automatically drops
after close-range explosions.
Could you speak a little louder?
My connection has weakened...?
The Hollowfied Bankai...
is disrupting
your bodily functions.
Captain!
You heard that announcement?
Fool...
How could one not be awakened
by that unpleasant voice?
Ban... kai.
Jakuho Raikoben!
What?!
Brace yourself, Omaeda.
Yes, ma'am!
Why is that Bankai with you...?
Good question.
Why don't you take a hit
and analyze it yourself?
Don't push it.
He can't attack himself, you know...
Stop talking as if your Bankai
has a mind of its own.
I don't believe in pantheism.
What?!
Bankai doesn't have
a mind of its own, you say?
You really think so?
Yes, that seems to be the case.
It's been a while since
I've heard your voice.
Glad you're back...
Hyorinmaru.
My wings...!
I was wondering what was
on my face,
but he did say something about
momentarily Hollowfying Bankai...
Damn it!
Oh well.
I guess I'll proceed as is...
Shejintsao!
The cross-shaped flower
is Hyorinmaru's crest.
Sorry I couldn't make it
a pentagram.
He got his ass whopped.
What a joke.
It's over...
Hang on...
Matsumoto...
I'll be...
right there...
The Bankai returned to
the Soul Reapers?
Now you've really done it.
I hope you're not thinking
I should surrender
just because I'm outnumbered.
I'm pissed about my comrades
getting killed,
but there are techniques
I can't use while they're around.
Your logic, this reality...
I'm gonna flip it all
upside down for ya.
Bankai.
Sakashima Yokoshima Happo Fusagari.
Reversing your recognition
of enemy and ally,
and making you attack
your own side...
That's what my Bankai,
Sakashima Yokoshima Happo Fusagari,
can do.
Unfortunately,
enemies and allies are mixed up
in the Seireitei currently,
so I can't really use it
whenever I want.
POST INVASION –
FORMER SEIREITEI URBAN AREA
So this means that
we don't have to worry about
your Bankai getting stolen.
Let's go on the offensive.
Wait, I don't think it's
a good idea to act without a plan.
Huh?
The shadows are getting darker.
I've got a bad feeling...
Oh.
It's just you guys.
Right back at you.
What are you doing here?
I got lost.
The landscape is
completely different.
And the enemy is spreading
highly concentrated Reishi
throughout the Seireitei
to prevent us from tracking them.
They've been hiding
in the shadows, right?
There's no telling where
they'll appear from.
Be careful even when you're moving...
Not bad for an undercard boys!
I commend you!
We're not an undercard,
you masked meathead!
We're going to rip off that mask
and take a look at
that disgusting face of yours!
Nice.
A one-round 3 vs.1 deathmatch to
peel off my mask!
Sounds fun!
Hey, James!
Ring that gong!
Yes, sir!
Come on!
You've asked for it!
Trying to defeat a superstar while
hiding your powers is... impossible!
What?!
What the—?!
We're also making this
a chain deathmatch.
Humph.
What the hell are they doing?!
Who cares if we lost
the powers we stole?
That doggy, who was
supposed to be my opponent,
isn't even in the Seireitei,
you know!
If he wasn't gonna be here,
then someone should have told me!
Are you girls listening to me?!
Why is no one here?!
It makes it look like
I'm talking out loud to myself!
Lil! Gigi!
Meni! Candy!
Come out!
Show yourselves!
I'll show you what happens when
you embarrass your leader.
I'll turn this whole area
into a wasteland
and smoke you girls out!
Stop!
Doggy?
Why are you wearing a bucket?
Too scared to look at my face, perhaps?
I don't have time to deal with you.
I am committed to avenging
Master Genryusai's death.
I will take Yhwach's head.
I see.
But because
you're such a nice doggy,
you changed course and came here
to protect your buddies.
But don't you think it's too early
for the hero to appear?
You should've waited until
the Seireitei fell apart
a little more.
It would've been more dramatic.
Is that so?
Then I guess we can't be heroes.
We don't have the patience to wait
until the Seireitei is torn part.
Sorry about that.
Who are you?
I got this.
– You go on ahead.
– Thanks.
Hey, don't just let my doggy...
What's the matter?
Feeling sick or something?
What is... this...?
Sakanade.
It's my Zanpakuto.
All that you see becomes reversed.
Up becomes down and
left becomes right.
It's impossible to fight this way.
Feeling dizzy, right?
Oh, and I've been practicing
to have words sound backwards too.
This doesn't...
I just told you
that it's impossible.
Noitcudortni etal eht rof yrros.
okariH ijnihS
,5 dauqS fo niatpac m'I.
What the hell are you saying?!
I'm seriously not a fan
of killing girls, but...
hope you'll forgive me.
– Don't underestimate me!
– Whoa.
Damn you!
I told you everything's reversed.
Why don't you call
your friends for help?
Oh, my bad.
Guess you don't have any friends.
I'm going to blow that smirk off
your face before I get to Doggy.
No matter how many times you try,
it's impossible.
Humph!
Take this!
Now, Madarame!
Rejoice, Stern Ritters.
That light...?!
What's... going on?
Quincy Voll Stern Dich.
I hadn't been able to use this,
you see.
The Bankai was in the way.
I'm grateful, you know.
For allowing me to use this power.
You shall regret regaining
your Bankai, Soul Reapers.
Your daydream of a battle brimming
with hope and warmth ends now.
The true despair begins here.
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
So close...
yet so far.
What the hell was that?!
It doesn't matter.
I have to... keep moving forward.
It happened again.
"I will continue to fight myself."
"As long as I have the fangs
in my heart."